Word JUMBLE and TRIVIA- two of the classic word games. Imagine what happens when you bring them together. Well, why imagine when you can experience it right now? Jump right in and start playing now! Who knows? hidden away in the word jumble could be the next addition to your vocabulary. No race against the clock, play leisurely. Care has been taken to include only qualified dictionary words with proper definitions. With 1000+ levels and 10000+ word jumbles to solve, you are guaranteed to have unlimited fun.

Permissions: The game requires permission to access media. This is necessary to save your game SECURELY both online and offline. By no means will this give us access to any of your personal files.

Tease your brain, build your English vocabulary, and master new words with a unique mix of a Trivia and jumble word! No matter who you are, you will likely to have mastered the toughest of the words when you beat this game! Can you?

The game is set in a space theme, with unique power-up/gameplay mechanics, beautiful UI $ high quality graphics,  You must play to truly experience it.

No need to look up the word online or in a dictionary, the trivia question itself is the meaning of the jumbled word. There is no requirement to be online, you can play this game offline if you wish.

Preparing for the big day? Students attending various competitive tests/exams such as GATE, MCAT, GMAT, Civil, Board, Government,  TOEFL, SSC, PSC, UPSC,  IELTS,  TOEIC, OPI, OPIC, PET, FCE, CAE, CPE, CaMLA ECCE,  MSRT etc, these anagram puzzles can help you master the English vocabulary.
The trivia covers a wide range of topics including but not limited to History, Science, Technology, Art and Music, Business, Sports, Food, Culture, Politics, Mythology, Movie, Geography, Literature, World, etc.



You have three modes to choose from:
1. Easy mode: In this mode, the game will give you constant feedback about the letter position.
2. Hard mode: To satisfy the genius within. In this mode, there will be no feedback until you solve the jumbled word.
3. Play With Friends: This mode allows you to challenge your family and friends with your own typed in quiz. Literally, you can type in anything depending on your level.

At the beginning of the game, you will start the trivia with 2-letter word jumble. As you level-up, bigger and tougher trivia and the jumbled words will become available to play.

**What is the objective?
The primary objective is to answer the trivia, by unscrambling the jumbled word in minimum number of moves.
First guess the word from given question. Then build it from the jumbled word. Remember, there are multiple ways to solve the word jumble.

**How to play?
In order to solve the anagram, move jumbled alphabets to an empty tile. Words always begins from the top left corner then continue to the right.

**Rules of unscrambling:
Unscramble the word by swapping/sliding letters to correct order. Letters cannot be moved to a space occupied by another letter. You can only move them to an empty space. You can tell if a letter is in its correct position by looking at its color. Use the color to strategically solve the puzzle even if you are unsure about the answer.

**How do I use power-ups?
Use power-ups to make the game even more interesting. Power-ups are unlocked from the talent tree, which requires talent points.

For the automatic power-ups that you get in game, touch and hold the power-up for half a second. To use the power-ups at the bottom power bar, touch the power-up you would like to use, then touch on one of the empty tiles.

We've got your back, your game progress is safe in the cloud.


Twitter: @pyzyme
Support: https://www.facebook.com/pyzyme

Download now! and start playing this amazing mix of word JUMBLE and QUIZ.
